---
layout: post
author: Trang
---

Fallacy

Debating is part of our life. However, we tend to make fallacy mistakes during the debates. Fallacy might affect our personal images, downgrade the quality of the debate and cause unwanted conflicts. Therefore, it is essential to identify what the fallacy is and its types to build healthier debates.

So what is fallacy? Fallacy means one violates the logical rules in his arguments so as to achieve the victory for whatever costs.

Some common types of fallacy are:
<ol>
  <li>Ngụy biện tấn công cá nhân (ad hominem) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện bôi xấu (poisoning the well) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện bạo lực (ad Ngụy biện trượt dốc (slippery slope fallacy)baculum fallacy/ appeal to force fallacy) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện “bạn cũng vậy” (tu quoque fallacy) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện trượt dốc (slippery slope fallacy) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện trắng-đen (black-or-white fallacy) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện nghĩa vụ chứng minh (burden of proof) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện lảng tránh chủ đề (avoiding the issue) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện lòng vòng (circular reasoning argument) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện bằng chứng vụn vặt (anecdotal evidence fallacy) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện lạm dụng vị thế/tác phong (appeal to appearance and manner) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện lợi dụng cảm xúc (appeal to emotion) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện cá trích đỏ (red herring) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện trích dẫn thông tin ngoài ngữ cảnh (quoting out of context) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện lợi dụng đám đông (appeal to the people) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện vin vào truyền thống (appeal to the tradition) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện so sánh ẩu (faulty analogy) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện thống kê (statistical fallacy) </li>
  <li>Ngụy biện thiên vị (cherry picking fallacy) </li>
</ol>

In a debate, those who are running out of arguments but hurry for success and unconsciously affected by the language style of the press are more likely to be trapped with fallacy. To avoid fallacy, one should:
<ul>
  <li> learn how to identify types of fallacy. </li>
  <li> calmly focus on what is going on in the debate to avoid the fallacy trap of the rival. </li>
  <li> be polite and respect the rival while debating. </li>
</ul>

<b> Sources: </b>
<br>
[https://vietcetera.com/vn/nhung-loi-tranh-luan-thuong-thay](https://vietcetera.com/vn/nhung-loi-tranh-luan-thuong-thay)
