---
layout: post
author: Trang
---

Quick update about my recent life

<ol>
  <li> I have just visited the dermatologist. He said that I have 3 types of skin problems, infected eczema, acne vulgaris, and dandruff at the moment. Although those problems do not cause severe impacts on my physical health, for a long time, I have struggled with mental disorders, such as anxiety, depression and struggling with being discriminated and social isolation. I often feel emotionally distressed because I think I am ugly and people often stare or step back from me in fear of being transmitted though those skin problems are not contagious at all. In order to gain back the confidence and secure emotional maturity, I will strictly follow the doctor's prescription and further research profound treatments on my own. </li>

  <li> I have to wear anti-blue light glasses whenever I use digital devices. The optometrists asserted that my eyes do not show symptoms of vision degrading myopia but eyestrain as they are highly exposed to computer screen and digital device which generate large amount of blue light. Therefore, I should wear anti-blue light glasses and have my eyes rested properly. I will double check with ophthalmologist when I am back home, just to be sure my eyes are treated well. So, yeah, I am four-eyes now. Hehe. </li>

  <li> I will soon have the final exam which marks the end of my two-year course in journalism in India. I do not feel stressed compared to the previous exams. Because I now know how to set different attitude toward learning the things I do not like. Instead of complaining, being distressed and yelling ruled words like #duma haha, I will study Media Management, Media Laws, World View, Advertising, Public Relation and Business Journalism with a happy and positive mindset. Because whatever is learnt will eventually benefit my sense of the world as all is linked together irrespective of expertise and sizes of knowledge. So yeah! Lets rock the final exam as well as I can this time! </li>

  <li> One of my friend passed away at his early age of 31. He suffered from a sudden heart attack while travelling to the workplace. He is a professional and versatile reporter covering defense and political related issues in the Kashmir valley. I respect him for the industrious and prestigious work he has done for his beautiful but disputed land. May Almighty place him at highest place in heaven. Bid adieu, Javid! </li>
</ol>
