---
layout: post
author: Trang
---
Will "early birds catch the worms"?

My today's morning starts at 4h30am which is pretty much early compared to the other days. Obviously, I did not sleep well though I went to bed at 10pm the previous night. I could not sleep well because there are some thoughts disturbing my mind. I got confused with the road map for the future. Will that short term plan effectively afford myself to pursue the long term goal? Will the short term and long term plans be as fun as they sound? Because I am excited but a bit afraid to think about them. However, I think we can never get answers for those questions unless we start taking actions.

As I could not force myself to sleep again, I watch some video of Dr. Eric Berg, the founder of keto diet method which help people lose weights base on high-fat concentrated diet. Although his videos are often a few minute long on explaining how the body functions, they are packed with educational and neutral contents. In about fifteen minutes long, I learn about the health benefits of mustard, the yellow yucky liquid sauce we often put in the hamburgers and hot dog. According to him, mustard has a special element called cruciferous which can help reduce the toxins generated when meat is heated, especially grilled. Cruciferous also helps decrease the cramps and inflammation or boost the metabolic process. I also learn about how to use hydrogen peroxide food grade 3% for mouth rinse and fruit disinfectant. In our body, Hydrogen peroxide is found in white blood cells which fight against the harmful bacteria. Similarly, we can use diluted Hydrogen peroxide to cure the soar throat, the inflammation symptom caused by strange bacteria. Other usage of Hydrogen peroxide includes fruit and veggies disinfectant. Living in today world which food purposely or unintentionally enriched with large number of pesticide or hormone, disinfectant the food before eating is a must. Simply put, we just need to mix 15g of Hydrogen peroxide with 60g of water, our disinfectant liquid is ready to use. Personally, I like Dr. Eric's intention on increasing people's awareness of maintaining a healthy life by education them with knowledge on how the body functions. However, for whatever the knowledge source come from, it should be cross-checked to avoid any bias or advertising purposes.

After finishing those lectures on healthy life, I had a cup of chai as usual. My early breakfast at 6am includes homemade chapati with boiled egg and a cucumber. I think I love traditional India food, not the oily ones little by little day by day. Because it is healthy.

Alright, so far so good. I will finish the writing practice here and kick off the day with React. lol
